Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(Camera Whirring)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(people arguing)
(crowd laughing)
(Kookaburras Laughing)
(dramatic music)
- If you look up the definition
of death in a dictionary.
it says the act of dying. the end of life.
the total and permanent cessation
of all the vital functions of an organism.
Sounds pretty basic. right?
Kind of like something
else. say like wind.
Yeah. the definition of
wind: air in natural motion.
as that is moving horizontally
at any velocity along the earth's surface.
Just another explanation. right?
Funny thing is. when it's
windy. it's windy everywhere.
You have to go indoors to
escape it or in your car.
in your house. behind a
wall. or maybe even a tree.
You could say death is
like wind. it's everywhere.
It's everywhere we go.
It's in everything we
eat and what we drink.
It's where our older
generations have gone.
and it's where everyone we
know is going. including us.
Normally. you don't even think about it.
I mean. not really. Not until
someone close to you dies.
That's when you realize that
death isn't like wind at all.
You can't hide from it in
your house. in your car.
behind a wall. not anywhere.
Wind comes and wind goes.
but death. it's like gravity.
It truly is everywhere.
It's constant and it's always final.
and if someone you know dies.
it's like. holy fucking shit.
That person doesn't even exist anymore.
Like. what the actual fuck?
It doesn't make sense.
No one even seems to know
how to deal with life.
let alone death.
This story is about how me and my brother.
Bobby. try to deal with both.
(lighter clicking)
(door handle clicking)
- We're already in.
(metal clanging)
(lighter clicking)
Don't worry about it. man.
Women. all the same.
- It's not like that. We had plans.
- Yeah. and I bet Todd
Miller wasn't in your plans.
Just got to forget about it. man.
You can't go back in the past.
I mean. what could you do anyway?
What's gonna happen is gonna
to happen. So you know what?
- What?
- Gotta let it happen.
- I don't know. man.
- Wait here a minute.
(Bobby coughs)
All right. check this out.
(metal banging)
- Ready?
- Mm.
(bottle bursting)
(men laughing)
- Fucking awesome.
Yes!
(pipe bursting)
(men laughing)
Holy crap.
(thud)
(car siren blaring)
- I never liked her anyway.
Mom didn't like her either.
- Yeah. she didn't.
- Check this out.
- Fuck off.
- Fucking hit it. you pussy.
- This is how you take a girl
for a ride. baby. Woo hoo hoo!
(energetic music)
Oh. fucking come on. Hit it. man!
I've done it before. It's cool.
See you later!
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I call a time out. flip your fast car ♪
♪ Still chasing me.
leading up the catwalk ♪
♪ I'll crush you in the streets ♪
( yells)
(steam hisses)
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
(rock music)
(flames crackle)
(canister scrapes)
(shoes squeal)
(crash)
(rock music)
(flames crackle)
(sirens blare)
(hurried footsteps)
(Des breathes heavily)
(Bobby groans)
- You
are
a fucking
idiot!
(man screams)
(feet tap)
- Oh my God! Oh my God!
Please don't kill me.
(man whines)
- Don't you play dumb with me!
- Please! I'm telling you the truth!
I can't open it! It's on a time lock!
Don't kill me!
- Stop it!
(feet tap)
(man whines)
What the fuck are you
doing? I said stop it.
- I can't help it! I do
this when I'm scared!
- Look. look. okay. I'm not
going to kill you. all right.
But I might if you don't stop doing
whatever the fuck it is that you're doing!
- Please don't kill me! I want to travel!
I want a pet poodle.
- Hey. hey. hey! Calm down!
- Look. we're not going to hurt
you. We just want the money.
- Yeah. we're not gonna
hurt you! We want the money!
- Jesus! See. it's okay.
He just likes the point that at people.
Look. man. let me talk to
him. He's fucking scared of.
- Yeah. well he fuckin' oughta be scared!
- Shut up! Go and watch the door!
- Fine! Fucking talk to him!
- See. that's better. isn't it. Amy?
- No. it's Amiey. not Amy.
Do I look like a girl?
- No and sorry. Amiey. yeah.
I just want to have a little chat.
- Look. I already told you. you can't get
into the safe it's on a time lock.
If you try and open it.
it'll call the police.
It's got an alarm!
- Okay. So what do you do when you finish?
What about when you pack your till?
- I already told you. Don't you listen?
It is a time lock. It opens
at 6:30 in the morning.
That's at the end of my shift.
- Okay. Don't you move?
You heard him. bro. We got to go.
- For fuck's sake!
Desy?
- [Des] What if someone comes?
- You keep watch.
(duck alarm quacks)
(rock music)
- Shit!
- What the fuck. idiot?
- Sorry. man. I didn't see you coming.
(paper rustles)
- This is for you!
(motorcycle engine roars)
- Fuck!
(foot tapping)
(country music)
- You're late again!
- I'm sorry. Chaz. I got held up.
- It's not Chaz!
It's Mr. Stevens to you
and I really don't care what
your excuse is this time
because it's not going to happen again.
Do you understand?
Des?
- Yes. Mr. Stevens.
(keys jingle)
Hang on a minute.
Have you ever had one of those moments
in life where time seems to
slow down or maybe even stop?
Maybe something happens.
Maybe you meet somebody
and everything suddenly
seems crystal clear.
A moment you'll never forget.
(speaks indistinctly)
Well. this is one of those moments.
- Huh?
- Bit of a douche.
Your manager.
- Oh. yeah. totally. Oh.
his dad owns the store.
- One cappuccino and two lattes.
- Small. medium or large?
- All large.
- Okay. coming right up.
- Okay.
(liquid sprays)
(coffee spills)
My dress!
- Oh. I am so sorry.
- What's going on here?
- I was just-
- It's my fault. I picked it
up by the lid and it just fell.
- I see. Des. why didn't
you put the lid on properly?
What do I always tell you about the lids?
(door squeaks)
- Is that you? You wanna get some food?
Aren't you supposed to be at work?
- We got a formal demand letter.
- This is bullshit!
Well don't worry. man. I'm
going to get a job soon.
And then with both of us working.
- I just got fired.
- You watch! Give me your shirt!
- What. my shirt?
- Now take it off.
- Okay. okay. You're not
going to rape me are you?
- What?
- I heard about this guy.
- Shut up! I'm not going to rape you.
Fuck!
Think I wanna hear your life story?
- I was just saying.
- I'll tell you your life story.
You get born in curry land
and you bring your fucking yapping.
curry-munching head over here
and take all our jobs in all the servos
until one day you get
your head blown off by me
'cause you won't shut up!
- Bobby. what the fuck. man?
- You want to work in a service station?
- Do you want to look like I want
to work in a fucking servo?
- What the fuck are you doing?
- We're takin' over. bro.
- Are you crazy?
- Don't worry. man. I
got this under control.
It's like 12:45. It's six hours.
I can do this shit.
- We should just go!
- [Bobby] We got a customer!
- Oh. for fuck's sake!
- Just act completely normal
and everything will be fine.
(sensor beeps)
What the hell is that?
- You got to press the button!
- What?
- The one that lets her buy fuel. idiot!
- Where is it?
(alarm blares)
- What did you do?
- I hit the button!
- Are you fucking retarded?
It says emergency only!
- What the hell?
- Uh. excuse me.
Yeah. we're just having some
technical difficulties in here.
Could you please just go back
to your car and fill up?
(alarm stops)
(Bobby laughs)
- That was close.(over mic)
I mean. do you think she
realized that we're actually-
- Oh. shit!
- Six.
- Six?
- Yeah.
- What?
- Number six. the fuel?
- Uh. how much was it?
- Um. you're supposed to tell me that.
- Oh. yeah. Um. let's see.
- Number six.
- Yeah?
Um. it's. um.
it's free.
- Free?
- Yeah. free. Congratulations!
You're our lucky winner!
- What?
- Yeah. That's what the siren was for.
You're our thousandth customer today
and our free bonus
giveaway is a free tank.
- You're kidding?
- What are you doing. idiot?
- Do I look like I'm kidding?
- Uh. okay. Thanks. I guess.
- Just one more thing.
- [Des] Bobby!
What are you doing?
- Quick. grab her legs!
(woman groans)
- Get your fucking grubby
hands off me you fucking shits!
- What are you doing?
I'm the night manager here.
You can't treat customers like this.
I'm not going to let you rape me or her.
- Rape?
- Yeah!
- We're not going to
rape you for fuck's sake!
- What the hell were you
going and grabbing her for?
- Uh. are you fucking retarded?
She knew something was up.
- How could you possibly know that?
- Uh. well. "Congratulations!
You win free fuel!"
I mean. what the was that?
- Fucking whatever.
she didn't have a clue.
- Didn't have a clue? You're fucked!
- What are you doing?
- Okay. Did you know something was up?
- What?
- Did you think something
was up with us two?
Be honest. not going to hurt ya.
- I guess there was something strange
about getting free fuel but-
- See! I fucking knew it!
I told you!
- [Amiey] You're definitely not
getting your fuel discount Mr. Bossypants!
- What the fuck. man? Why you
always trying to be right?
- She knew something was up.
What was I supposed to do?
Let her go?
- Well. fuck!
You're the one that said
he could do the till
so fucking go and work it out.
- [Shannon] Let me out of here!
(duct tape rips)
- Grab her keys and move her car.
- What?
- Really?
- Where?
- Take it round back.
You want it. too?
- No. sir. I'm fine.
- [Bobby] Hey. if we're going to do this.
you got to listen to me.
- Listen to you?
Bobby. we're robbing a fucking servo
in the middle of the night!
(Bobby clears throat)
(register rings)
- Will that be all. sir?
- You're supposed to ask that
before you open the till.
- Ah. you know what I mean?
(cat yowls)
- Anything else guys?
(clears throat)
- And a packet of Peter Winfield's. too.
- You want twenties or 25s. mate?
- Um. what?
- Twenties or 25s?
- Um. 25s.
- We need a lighter too.
- Oh. and a lighter. as well.
(register beeps)
- It's 36:50. boys!
(register rings)
- Thanks!
- What are you doing? Are you crazy?
What if they tell the parents
where they go that from?
- Did we ever tell mom
where we got them from?
God I miss her!
Grab us an energy drink.
Hey. we're to be here all night.
We might as well enjoy it.
(Des sighs)
(rock music)
(motorcycles roar)
- Well. will you look at this?
Scotty?
- What you want to do. Ray? Huh?
- Let's do fucking everything. man!
(motorcycles roars)
(breaks squeal)
(upbeat rock music)
- Better double it up. Sally.
- Better make it triple more. Sally.
- Oh. you little fucker!
- Hey!
It'll be 28. ladies.
- Here. Sal.
Keep the change. go buy
yourself a nice dress.
- Get outta here!
- Yeah. I've got to go hit
an ATM. I am dry outa coin
- Come on. man. We go 6 here.
Let's drink 'em. I got to
take a piss so you take that.
(upbeat rock music)
♪ Nice day to have a schnitzel ♪
♪ Have a schnitzel. have a schnitzel ♪
♪ Nice day to have some chips ♪
♪ Have some chips. have some chips ♪
♪ Nice day to have some sauce ♪
♪ Have some sauce. have some sauce ♪
- Oy!
(glass shatters)
- Right?
♪ Nice day to have some beetroot ♪
♪ Have some beetroot. have some beetroot ♪
♪ Nice day to go to the pub ♪
♪ Down to the rubbery dub ♪
(hand slaps)
- Sorry. babe. Some fuckheads ran into me.
and made me spill the
drinks on my way over.
Don't you just hate assholes like that?
(men chuckle)
(man grunts)
(rock music)
(punches thud)
- Is that all you got?
- You think this is funny do you?
(knife hisses)
Get the fuck off me!
- Ray. look at what you're doing. mate!
You gotta go before the cops get here.
(indistinct chatters)
Bobby. you don't want
to fuck with these boys.
He's Ray Blackwood.
- What?
- Fucking Ray Blackwood!
- President of the Red Belly Blacks!
I suggest you lay low. bro.
- Ray the shrimp belly.
- Mate. I fucking told you.
- Okay. all right. Thanks. Tom.
- You guys okay?
- Wow! Thanks?
Those guys make my skin
crawl! Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I'm Des.
- Jessie.
(cars whip)
- Oh. man! Stacey is a fox!
Wouldn't mind being warmed by her thighs.
- Yeah?
- Let's get some food.
- All right. I gotta get some cash here.
- Speaking of cash. hey Billy boy.
- Fuck!
- Aw. shit!
- Get off! Ah. come on!
- Hey. Brandy. Where you running to?
- Nowhere!
- So. where's the 150 you owe me?
- I still don't have it!
Get the fuck off. man! Come on!
- When you gonna pay me back?
- You better get off. man!
I'm in the Snakes now!
You don't want any trouble do you.
- Oh. you're so fucking cool!
Hey. bro. check him out!
He's in the Snakes. Aren't you. Brandy?
You little shit!
- Oh. come on. Let us go!
Look man. I'm gonna get
you your money like I said.
I'm with the Snakes now. I'll
have your money by next week.
- Next week? How you gonna do that?
- Man. I'm in the snakes!
- So what they got you doing?
- Nothing!
- Nothing? It's been six months. Billy.
- Hey!
(whip cracks)
- I hope you don't like your face!
- Okay! I heard it in a club meet.
My first Snakes meet.
(Bobby laughs)
- Billy Brandy the Red B Black Snake!
- Hey! I haven't finished!
I heard our chief talking
to the new master of arms.
They were talking about
a job they wanted to do.
They said they might need
some young bloods to help out.
That's what they call
us before we're Blacks.
I asked if I could help.
- And?
- When you gonna pay me back?
- Okay. so on Thursdays they used
to do their weekly runs
to the bank on Thursdays.
They only do monthly runs to the bank now
because Old Man Barnaby's such tight ass
since that new freeway went in.
He's been cutting back on everything.
He's even got some sort of
curry munchers working there
so he doesn't have to pay him jack!
- So you want to rob a servo. Brandy?
(Bobby laughs)
You gotta be kidding me!
- Rob a servo? Billy Brandy the bandit?
- Hey. he's a snake now. man
better not tease him too much.
- Yeah. ha. ha. ha. Laugh it up!
I'll be the one fucking smiling
when I'm a fucking high-roller.
Buy a fucking island and live on.
won't be nothing but tequila and bitches.
- Right. so you're going
to be able to buy an island
with the money you get from a Servo job?
You really are dumb as fuck!
- No way! I heard there's
450 G's in that safe!
- Oh. whatever. idiot!
- Now you boys. you better let me go
or else I'm gonna tell
all the boys in the club.
You don't want any trouble. do ya?
- Oh. fuck!
- Excuse me?
- Mrs. Carrington?
- Desmond Thomas?
Taking after that
brother of yours. are we?
Doing a little shoplifting?
- What?
No. I'm just-
- Oh. be a good boy and reach
me a liter of that milk.
They stack it so high!
- Okay.
- Thanks. dear. At least
you've still got your manners.
- Another one? Two Thomas
boys in the one night.
- Mrs. C. nice to see you. You're up late.
- Yes. my dear. Just the milk.
I see you've grown up to be a fine.
upstanding citizen. Bobby.
A real high achiever!
(register rings)
Thank you.
- What the hell is she doing
here at one in the morning?
- How should I know?
Getting milk.
(woman yells)
(whooshing)
- Hello! Welcome to Fuel Mart.
- Yeah. pull up a chair!
- What is going on?
- I think they're going to rob us.
- These two?
- You know them?
- They were my students
when they were small
boys in primary school.
- Yeah. well. it looks like
they've come a long way.
- What the hell are we gonna do. Bobby?
She knows who we are and
if you didn't put her
in that fucking storeroom.
no one would have been able
to put it together!
Not at least until we're miles away!
- Fucking cool it!
I've always wanted to lock
that old bitch up anyway.
Plus. we'll be long gone before
anyone gets out of there.
- Long gone. long gone. long gone?
The fucking run from the
cops. Bobby. for robbery!
Not to mention the three
fucking people in the storeroom!
That's fucking kidnapping as well!
This is your grand plan to save our house?
You're a joke. man!
Who needs a house when
you're going to prison?
What the fuck are we going to do?
- We're just going to have to
clean it up then. aren't we?
There's a mop in the storeroom.
No point crying over spilt milk. is there?
(door creaks)
- You let me out of here
right now. young man!
- Shut up! This isn't fucking school!
- Well!
- Mister. I need to go to the bathroom
and I think you should-
- We've got a customer!
You can go after that.
- How dare you! Let me out of here!
- Shut up or I'll duct
tape you all together
and there won't be any bathroom breaks!
- You're not gonna clean up
much milk with that. Sonny.
(Bobby laughs)
- Oh. I told you he was a little slow.
- It's a good thing you're doing. sonny.
In my day. they would've locked him up.
- Yeah. not gonna say it's been easy
but he's family. you know?
And if you can't trust your
family. who can you trust?
Hey. Little Timmy. gonna need a mop. mate.
Not a broom. a mop. you silly sausage.
- Here you go. sonny.
Your brother can buy you a lolly.
when you finish your cleaning job.
(old man blows nose)
(door creaks)
- Are you serious?
You can't just go around
telling people I'm a retard.
- Why not? I mean. you can't
clean up milk with a broom.
Can ya. ya silly sausage?
- So funny. aren't ya? Just
another night out on the town.
Have you ever just once stopped
to have a look at yourself?
- Oh. come on. Des. It was a joke.
Little Timmy.
- You know what? This
is your fucking mess.
You clean it up!
(door slams)
- I'll get you a lolly.
(Des sighs)
- I don't want to be the first
one to talk but you really-
- Then shut up!
- You know that very rude?
- Yeah. That's not very nice.
- Did I ask you to talk? Did I?
- No. but this is our
storeroom. We were here first.
- Yeah. you're the one
that's always coming in here.
Why don't you just stay out there?
- You guys are fucked.
You're our hostages.
I'll go where the fuck I want.
- If you think you're
going to get away with this
you've got another thing coming.
We are not your hostages.
We are simply stuck in a storeroom.
- Yes. we're stuck here.
- You're in the storeroom
because I put you in a storeroom.
not because you're stuck in here.
- I refuse to be a hostage.
I'm just slightly
inconvenienced right now.
- Yeah. you can say that again.
- You guys think you're not hostages?
- No way.
- Not really.
- You should know better Desmond Thomas.
Don't you think it'd be wise to end this
before someone gets hurt?
You were always the brighter one.
Honestly. the best thing you could do is
to put a stop to this right now.
- This is ridiculous.
- What the fuck are we
going to do about Mrs. C?
They don't even think they're hostages.
We should just bail. man.
- What?
- Mrs. C knows who we are!
And they don't think
that they're hostages.
- Who cares? You shouldn't
let him get you like that!
You're the one in control.
This is how you deal with them.
You keep an eye on them.
(broom thuds)
- Not a fucking hostage?
I'll show you not a fucking hostage!
- You don't scare me. boy!
- This is our storeroom now!
(Amiey whines)
- [Des] Oi. Bobby! They're coming!
- Not a fucking word
or I'll put a bullet in ya!
(women giggle)
- Oh!
- Ooh!
(women laugh)
- Hey. ladies. Looking like
you're having a good night.
- Yeah. spunky. I love your uniform.
- Oh. it's-
- Yeah cute.
(girls laugh)
- Thanks! Uh. can I help you?
- Oh. well. you could kiss me!
- No. kiss me!
(women laugh)
- Okay. okay. Yeah. you
know the rules ladies.
No kissing until you pay for the fuel.
- Number six?
- Sixty-nine.
(women laugh)
- You got a name. handsome?
- Uh. Max.
- Hmm.
- Um.
- That's 82.20. thanks.
- I like that name.
Have you got a bathroom?
- I think so. I mean.
just down the side there.
- Here you go. Max.
- Um. you look lonely.
Maxie. You should join us.
- Yes!
(register rings)
(women giggle)
- Well. I. I. I. I'd love
to. but I can't. you know?
I've got to look after the store.
- Oh. why can't you get him
to look after the store?
- Oh. well. I would. you know?
But. uh. he's a little bit slow.
- Oh.
- You know?
- Come on. It won't hurt.
Only for a little bit.
(women giggle)
(bathroom door creaks)
- Did you see that? They were hot!
Come on. man. You're not going
to tell me they weren't hot?
- Yeah. okay. They're attractive.
- Atrac. you don't call
girls like that attractive.
They were simply fucking hot!
- What would you do if all
you were to someone was hot?
- What? The f. what's wrong with you. man?
- Nothing.
- Oh. Max?
Do you think you could give
me a hand with something?
- No way!
Uh. just a second. Give
me your shirt. man!
- No way! You're not going in there!
- Oh. okay. bro. um.
this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
I mean. when will this ever happen again?
- No!
- We're robbing a servo.
two hot girls walk in.
and they ask me to go in there with them!
You're gonna take that away from me?
This is my God given right.
This is my manhood on the line.
- No fucking way!
(bathroom door creaks)
- Seven members so far have been taken
into custody after drugs
and semi-automatic weapons
have allegedly been discovered
at some of these locations.
The siege today-
- Look at this!
- [Anchor] The ongoing
investigation into the club.
- Well. they definitely don't have Brandy.
How about Brandy. eh?
- We'll have more as the story develops.
- [Bobby] They could have
half of them locked up now.
Serves them right.
- Police have got a few more in custody.
A few words for the camera. please?
What's going on here?
It seems that the police do
have more people in custody
and the story will unfold
as time progresses.
We'll go back to the studio for now.
(TV turns off)
- What are we going to do. man?
- With what?
- With this house. man?
We're gonna lose it.
- What about the servo?
- What about it?
- 450 Gs. man. We could
do a lot with that.
Save mum's house easy.
- Brandy's always half watt.
As if there's that much
money in that safe?
- Well. even with a quarter of it.
saves the house. head up North.
do that trip she always wanted
and then just. you know. do whatever.
- Whatever.
- Look. man. You saw the report.
I mean. they gotta have half
the Snakes locked up in there.
They can't do their
job now. which means...
- You can't be serious?
You don't even know if what
Brandy's saying is true.
- He did get it from the Snakes.
(door creaks)
(bird chirp)
(knocking on door)
- Bobby Thomas is here to see you.
- Right. Uh. show him in. please.
- You can come through.
- Bobby.
- Mr. Sparks.
- What can I help you with.
- Com'on. Mr. Sparks.
You know why I'm here.
- I'm sorry. Bobby. It's.
I've done everything I can.
- You Gotta give us some more time. Look.
I've lined up a job.
It just doesn't start till next month.
We just need until then.
- Please. Bobby. take a seat.
Bobby. I've heard this too many times.
There simply are no other options.
You have to sell or you have to pay.
- John. you know I'm not gonna get half
as much as what it's worth.
Not in this market.
- Is everything okay in here?
- E. everything's fine.
Thank you. thank you.
Bobby. sit down now.
(John sighs)
(Bobby sighs)
- Look. what if I sell the car?
Will that give us more time?
- You still have a loan on the car. Bobby.
If I could help I would. For
your mum. for old time's sake.
But there's just no other way.
(pencil scratching)
(register beeps)
(door creaks)
- Hello?
I know you're down there.
- How can I help you?
- Just these. thanks.
(register beeps)
Are you okay?
- Yes. I am fine.
- Des?
- No. I don't know what you mean?
- Why are you pretending to be Indian?
- Oh. man.
(Bobby groans)
- Now it's getting kinky!
- Isn't he supposed to be knocked out?
What did you give him?
- Well. he said it was etrophine.
It's the same shit that Dexter
uses to knock people out.
- Well. he's not fucking knocked out.
Are you sure you gave him the right stuff?
- Well. not now. This'll have to do!
(Bobby groans)
(duct tape tears)
- [Mandy] And is he gonna be okay?
- What are you doing to me?
- I guess.
- And what are we gonna
do about Little Timmy?
- Um. I've got some more etrophine.
We could use that if we need to.
- Okay. yep.
- Yeah?
- Yep. okay.
(bathroom door creaks)
- Oh. Timmy Boy! Don't worry about Max.
He's just taking a nap.
- Yeah! Do you want a lolly?
You've been working so hard!
- Yeah. and Max said that
if you were a good boy.
you could have any
lollies that you wanted.
- Oh. really? Did he say that?
- Yeah. that's right. Timmy.
And I think that you've
been such a good boy.
so we can take care of the counter.
while you go and choose
any lollies that you like.
- Okay! Thank you!
- Damn!
- What?
- Fuck!
- It's got a free trip
circuit timer on it.
- What does that mean?
- It means that it won't open
until the timer goes off.
- Fuck!
- Shit!
- I thought you said this
place was supposed to be easy!
- I know. I know.
Look. we're just going to have to wait
until the timer goes off and
then we can open it then.
- Okay. Well when is that?
Like how are we going to
know when that happens?
- Timmy. would you mind
coming over here for a moment?
Do you know what this is?
- Yeah. It's a time lock safe.
It won't open until the time's up
or else it'll set off the alarm.
- Fuck!
- Oh. hey. bro.
- Hhm. What a great idea?
When will this ever happen
again? Untie him now!
[Bobby] Yeah. touch it.
Are you wasted?
- They gave me. okay.
- What did you give him?
- Just some etrophine. I think.
- What the fuck is etrophine
and what do you mean you think?
- Well. it's the same
shit that Dexter uses.
- [Bobby] Tits in my mouth.
This is gonna be awesome.
- You seen Dexter?
- Yes. I've seen Dexter
but this doesn't look like
what happens on Dexter.
- Dexter.
- Bring him over to the storeroom.
[Bobby] Best night of my life.
Open the door!
- Did you guys see my dick? Is it big?
- Mandy? Sandy?
- Sally?
- Get the fuck in the store room!
Get the fuck in the
motherfucking storeroom!
- Hey. bro. That was awesome!
You're the greatest. I love you.
- How wasted are you?
- Oh. maybe just a little bit.
- This is fucking great!
What the fuck am I gonna do with you now?
- Don't be angry 'cause they tricked me
but aren't they beautiful?
- Get out here now!
- What?
- Get the fuck out here
and take him in there now!
- I love you. bro. I'm so pound of you.
We're family. Des. We're family.
(paint cans spraying)
(Brandy Whimpering)
- Oh my God. is that?
Oh. I've got to get a photo of this.
(Brandy yells)
- Oh. fuck!
(upbeat music)
- So. did you guys have
anything to do with that?
- What. Brandy? I don't know
know what you're talking about.
- So is it just you and Bobby?
- Na. we grew up here.
Um. I mean. it is now.
Our mum passed away six moths ago.
- Oh. I'm so sorry.
- Na. it's cool.
Yeah. dad left when we were young.
so don't know much about him.
(pop music plays)
- How did your mom?
- Uh. she had a stroke.
She smoked like a chimney.
- Well. she must have
been a pretty good mom.
- Yeah.
she was.
♪ I want you in this melody ♪
Yeah. Bobby just likes
to go a bit too far sometimes. you know?
- Nothing wrong with letting
loose every now and then.
I think it's good for your soul.
- You do?
- Yeah. well. I got up this
morning when you called
didn't I?
No really. I'm glad you called.
♪ I need you in this fantasy ♪
♪ I want you in this melody ♪
So yeah. now I'm a nurse.
- You like it?
- Yeah. it all right
but I don't like where I am at the moment.
The head nurse is a bitch
and the doctors are sleazy.
- What about all the cleaning
out bedpans and vomit?
- What? No. it's not
like that all the time.
I guess I just like helping people.
- Well. that's cool. and not
everyone can do it. takes guts.
- Thanks! Yeah. it's good for now.
I have to say. I don't think I've had
an ice cream brunch in maybe ever.
- I love it. It's great for hangovers.
- Yeah. I feel fresh.
- Must be the company.
- Oh. yeah? Is that right?
- That's right.
Oh. you got a little bit just there.
(Des laughs)
- [Jessie] Oh my God!
♪ I need you in this fantasy ♪
♪ I want you in this melody ♪
- Well.
- We're back.
(Jessie laughs)
- Well. this has been nice.
- Yeah. it has.
- So. I guess I'll let you go then.
- Okay. um. all right.
(both laugh)
(lips smack)
Okay. wow. um. okay then.
I'll call you.
- Okay. call me.
- Okay.
(keys jingle)
(door slams)
- Um. bye.
- See ya.
(hand pounding)
(breaks squeal)
Wait.
(bird chirp)
(Des groans)
That was tolerable.
(both laugh)
- Yeah. It was nice.
- Do you wanna promise me something?
- Mabye.
- Just. no bullshit. okay?
- Okay. No bullshit.
(lip smack)
(birds chirp)
- Jessie?
- Des? What are you doing here?
- What am I doing here? I.
what are you doing here?
- I just finished a shift
so I came to get some chips.
This is a service station. right?
- Uh.
- You didn't tell me you worked here.
- Oh. no. I don't.
- Well. it kind of looks like it.
- Oh.
- You don't have to be embarrassed.
I used to work at a service station.
- No. it's not that.
- Okay. so what are you doing?
- I'm busy right now.
- Busy doing what?
- I'm busy standing here.
(Des sighs)
(upbeat music)
(Bobby yawns)
- Hi everyone!
How are you in the magical world
of the store room?
(Bobby laughs)
- He's wasted.
- I am not wasted.
I'm just happy to see
you wonderful people.
Even you two lovely. lovely ladies
who tied me up and left
me but I don't mind
'cause I know you were
playing hard to get.
How did you get here. Sal?
Hey. Mrs. C.
(Bobby sighs)
I'm so sorry I was rude to you before.
You were my favorite teacher.
Just sometimes you were really scary
when you were telling me off.
(lips smack)
You taste absolutely delicious.
And you!
Other girl. I don't know you but you rock!
Hey my little Indianian guy!
I'm sorry I yelled at you
before. Give me a hug.
- No.
- But I'm sorry.
- You're not sorry.
- Yes I am! Tell him I'm sorry!
Tell him I'm sorry!
- What the fuck are you guys doing. Bobby?
- Uh. well. we are robbing this place.
(Bobby laughs)
- You called me a curry muncher.
- I'm sorry I called you a
curry muncher. I love curry.
- You scared me with that gun.
- I scared you with the gun! I
didn't know what I was doing!
Come here.
- Okay. I forgive you.
- Hey. it's pretty big in this store room.
We could have a party in here!
- What the hell were you guys thinking?
- Des. why are you acting so weird? Great!
Just when I think I meet
a really amazing guy
and he turns into a complete weirdo.
- It's not like that.
- Do you work here or not?
Last chance.
- Hey. (clears throat) I
don't mean to interrupt.
but can I get some more smokes. man?
- You sold smokes to these kids?
- No.
- Yeah. you did.
- No. I didn't.
- Yeah. if you want to get
all technical about it.
you didn't. but you were here.
- What is going on? Does he work here?
- It sure looks like it.
- Yeah. it does. Thanks.
Keep the change.
- Jessie. wait. I'll show you.
(Jessie sighs)
- Show me what?
- Yeah. show her what?
- Shut up!
Open it.
- What?
- Open the door!
(locks click)
Come on.
- Des. what is going on?
- Hey. Jenny!
- It's Jessie!
(boys thud)
- Peter Grummisch and Mark Owen.
- Mrs. Carrignton?
- Whoa! She's your teacher. too?
We're like cousins.
Let's hug that shit out.
- Dude. no way.
- You two boys come into the store
and try to buy cigarettes and
call me names when I say no.
Well. you're in my world now.
- This is your world?
- Hey. hey. hey. little
guys. is that true?
You can't be mean to my man. man. Amiey.
He's the man. man.
- Did you just call him man
man or did you call me man?
- He called you man!
- Yeah. man. like I said. he's the man!
- This is what happens
when you skip school. boys!
- Oh. cool! Look at him.
- You're robbing a servo?
- Well. when you put it like that-
- Can you just be
fucking straight with me?
- Okay. technically
we're robbing the servo.
- Oh my! What the hell
have I gotten myself into?
- Hey. don't worry.
Everything's gonna be fine.
- Everything's gonna be
fine. Can you hear yourself?
- What?
- Well. usually when you rob somewhere.
you don't take it over and
start fucking working there!
- I know it sounds crazy
but the safe is on a-
- Time lock. so we had to take over
and that's where you came in.
Actually. it's when you all came in.
(Bobby laughs)
Isn't that awesome? You
guys are the greatest!
- Cool! I love being in a robbery.
- Hey. you got any of those smokes left?
- Oh. no. No. we sold them to our mates.
Yeah. but we got something better.
- Weed!
- Hey!
(people cheer)
- Well. no time like the present.
- Wait. you can't smoke in here.
- Hey. hey. hey. don't. don't
stress. my Indianian friend.
- Well. I think I might be a good idea.
- What?
- A little hocus pocus can ease the mind.
- No way!
Hocus pocus? I didn't know you
were an old hippie. Mrs. C.
- When in Rome.
(people giggle)
- Come with me!
- To Queensland?
- Yeah.
- You've got to be kidding me.
- Look. last night was
the most amazing night
that I've ever had and I didn't want to
but the only reason I'm doing this is
to save out mum's house.
It's all we've got left.
- You want me to run away
with you to Queensland?
Do you have any idea
how crazy that sounds?
- Jessie. you hate your job and
you said you needed a break!
You're the one that said
you should let loose every now and then.
- Des. when I said letting
loose. I didn't mean rob a servo
and go on the run to Queensland!
- Come on. Jessie.
I know it sounds crazy.
but don't tell me you
don't feel something. too.
♪ Night shift. night shift ♪
♪ I'm working the night shift ♪
♪ Fucking high as a kite. bitch ♪
♪ Night shift. night shift ♪
♪ I'm working the night shift ♪
♪ Fucking high as a kite. bitch ♪
♪ I never catch a break because
I'd rather go and skate ♪
♪ Instead of getting on the straight ♪
♪ I'm sinking cones with all my mates ♪
♪ A wake and bake with Jake ♪
♪ I'm standing on a planet ♪
♪ Got a date with Fate and mate ♪
♪ I gotta tell ya. it
don't look so great ♪
♪ It's like a scratch I can't itch ♪
♪ I'm paranoid and I twitch ♪
♪ I'm just a record that skips♪
♪ And I'm not even a blip ♪
♪ But I will never give in ♪
♪ I may be digging a ditch ♪
♪ I know that life is a bitch ♪
♪ That's why I'm working the night shift ♪
- What could go wrong?
(fire alarm rings)
(rock music)
- Hey! You were out all night.
- Yeah. sorry.
- Well?
- It was fucking awesome.
man. She's beautiful.
- Well. I'm glad it got you
in a good mood. Let's go!
- Where?
- Come on.
(Bobby taps car door)
Come on. man.
450 big ones. man. Couldn't
get easier than this.
- This is crazy. man!
It's not a small thing.
- That's the thing. It is a small thing.
- How do you even know there's
that much money in there?
- It doesn't matter.
The Red Belly Blacks have
gotta have good intel.
- First of all. we got this from Brandy.
Second of all. you can't
be fucking serious!
- What about the house? What about mum?
- Bobby. this isn't breaking
into Terry Williams' Gas Depot!
You know he knows it's you doing it.
- Come on. man. It's a piece of piss.
I mean. no security. no cameras.
Old Man Barnaby is such a tight-ass.
He probably wouldn't change
lightbulbs if he didn't have to.
Look. you just lost your job
and I haven't had work for weeks now.
- I don't know. man.
What if someone sees us?
People know your car!
- Fucking hell!
We'll park the car down
in the industrial state.
Get those BB guns we got from Uncle Steve.
They look real enough.
Then we head to the store.
It takes two seconds.
Cruise back to the car. bags
full of cash. into Queensland.
House saved!
There's just one catch.
- Just one?
- We gotta do this tonight.
(Des sighs)
(rock music)
(fast forwarding sound)
- Bobby. what the fuck are you doing?
- [Bobby] Uh. smoking a doobie?
(Bobby laughs)
[Bobby] But she set the alarm off.
- Could you be any dumber?
- The fire brigade are on their way now.
I told you you can't smoke in here.
- You'd better let us go now!
♪ If my mom had better sense then ♪
♪ I would have been aborted ♪
- Oh. man! Oh. man!
This is it! It's over!
I'm fucked!
- There has to be something we can do.
- Yeah. go to prison! Look.
you might as well just go.
I'm sorry.
- Wait. the toilets! Get
everyone into the toilets.
Give me your shirt!
- What?
- Just trust me on this. I can handle it.
- No Jessie. You should just go!
- Now. Des!
♪ Drop the money. I
get stung by the bees ♪
♪ But I never get the honey ♪
(all giggle)
♪ And then I'm stuck in a ditch ♪
♪ I give her one more chance ♪
♪ That's why I'm working the
night shift. night shift ♪
♪ I'm working the night shift ♪
- Go in there and keep them quiet. eh?
♪ Night shift. night shift. ♪
♪ I'm working the night shift ♪
♪ Night shift. night shift ♪
♪ I'm fucking high as a kite bitch ♪
♪ I never catch a break because
I'd rather go and skate ♪
♪ Instead of going on the straight ♪
♪ I'm sinkin cones with all my mates ♪
♪ A wake and bake with Jake ♪
♪ I'm standing on a planet ♪
(all giggle)
- Well. we're back in the toilets.
- Man that weed was killer.
- Killer weed indeed!
(sirens blare)
- Here they come.
(country music)
- Hey there. We had
call out on fire alarm.
Did and alarm go off here at all?
- No. I didn't hear an
alarm. Did you hear one?
- Na. I didn't.
- Maybe it was a false one?
Like. some rats chewing
on the wires or something?
You know how those rats like
to get dirty and chew on things?
- Could be that. Just one thing. though.
- What's that?
- There are no wires.
- It's a wireless system.
- [Kirk] That's right.
(Gunner sniffs)
- You smell something funny. Kirk?
- Yeah. I do. Camo.
It smells like cigarettes.
but a bit more funky.
- You know how serious the false alarm is?
- Yes. sir. I-
- I said. you know how much shit we have
to go through to get here
in under five minutes?
(Kirk sniffs)
(sirens blare)
- Camo. they got Chico's.
I love Chico's.
- Oh. yeah. You understand?
- I understand.
- Good!
Cause If we have to come
back here again tonight.
or any other night. for
what may be a false alarm.
someone's gonna be paying for it.
- Uh. yes. sir. Won't happen again. sir.
- What won't happen again?
- Nothing.
- That's what I thought you said.
Let's go!
- [Kirk] Hey. Charlie!
- Hey. Kirk! How are you?
- What's going on here?
- Good.
- Nothing. false alarm.
- [Charlie] Going to the game Saturday?
- Absolutely! See you there!
- [Charlie] See you. man. See you. Gunner.
- Hello Officer. How can I help you?
- Oh. just a routine inspection.
It's normal procedure when
there's a false alarm.
- Oh. dude! This is awesome!
We're like hostages in a robbery!
- No! You're like hostages
in two robberies. yeah!
- Hey. no. no. no!
You can't rob a place
that's already been robbed.
I told you before.
- Oh. yeah. that. Yeah. we
don't know what that was.
- You haven't seen anything
strange tonight. love?
- No. sure haven't.
- What about you back there?
Is that a ladies shirt you're wearing?
- Uh.
- It's mine.
- I-
- Yeah?
- Yeah. I forgot my shirt
and since he was on stocking. we swapped.
The boss. he's real strict on uniforms
and we just want to keep him happy.
- I see.
Well there's no harm wearing
the correct uniform. is there?
(button pops)
Oh!
I think this belongs to you.
- Thanks.
- Who would have thought wearing
the wrong uniform could be so dangerous?
(Jessie giggles)
- Yeah. Who would have thought?
(clattering)
What was that?
(all shushing)
(all giggling)
It doesn't sound like rats to me.
- [Voice On Radio] Calling all
cars. Charlie. you out there?
We have a 1054 in
progress on Cooper Street.
- This is 422. I'm on my way.
(rock music fades)
- What the hell have I gotten myself into?
- That was crazy!
- We almost went to jail!
- Okay. no need to get
upset. You were brilliant!
- I should be at home. in bed. asleep.
- Well. don't get angry at me.
You're the one that decided to stay.
- I decided to stay? Oh. fine.
This is your mess. You clean it up!
- What are you doing?
(door slams)
- Lady troubles?
- What? What are you doing?
- What's wrong?
Oh. hey. uh. I think we
should get everyone back
into the store room 'cause one
of the kids took a crap in
there and it fucking stinks!
- Do you even care that the firemen came?
And then the police?
- Yeah! You did a great job!
The world is in perfect balance. man.
Good and evil are. like. totally even.
- What?
- Well. good is. like.
here and evil is here.
They're in perfect
harmony. It's beautiful.
And we're the good guys! Don't you get it?
And the outside world?
They're the bad guys.
- You are a fucking idiot.
(hands clap)
All right. let's get everyone
back into the store room.
(knocks on door)
Jessie. hey. come on. Don't be upset.
- [Jessie] Go away!
- I can't do that right now.
Look. I'm sorry I got you into this mess.
The only way out is if we help each other.
- Yeah. Julie. It's all right.
- Just open the door. Jess. please?
You're the coolest girl I've ever met.
I want to make it up to you.
- Yeah. Julie. We'll make it up to you.
- Shut up!
- Only on one condition.
- Anything!
- That you never do
anything this stupid again.
- Done!
- Okay!
(all cheer)
(Sandy whistles)
(lips smack)
(Mandy laughs)
- All right. everybody in.
Come on. in there.
(Mrs. C laughs)
- Hey!
(all laugh)
(bag pops)
Oi. everybody! All we have is
about four more hours to go.
So all we have to do is wait it out
and we can all go home.
- Okay. fine. but if we're
gonna be here for awhile.
at least get us some cold drinks.
- Okay. Amiey. can you
please give me a hand?
(door slams)
(shotgun blast)
- Don't any fucking cunt
move a fucking muscle
or I'll fucking blow
your fucking brains out!
- Brandy?
- Des? What the fuck are you doing here?
- You know this clown?
- Yeah. yeah. I know him!
Left me tied to a pole the
last time I saw him. didn't he?
Who's in charge now?
- Uh. please don't kill
us! Please don't kill us!
- Shut the fuck up. Punjabi!
- Please don't kill us!
- You piece of shit!
- My name is not Punjabi.
- I don't give a fuck!
I'm the one with the
gun and I said shut up!
- He's not gonna stop doing that
if you keep putting that gun in his face!
It makes him nervous!
- Did I tell you to fucking
talk? I said shut up!
Hey! Ah. get off me!
(Brandy yells)
- I said not to do that! Now say sorry!
- No!
- You put him the fuck down!
- Not until he says sorry.
- What?
You're fucking joking. aren't ya?
- You heard me! He has
to say he's sorry first.
- Okay. Say fucking sorry.
- But-
- I said.
- Say fucking sorry. you
dumb fucking cunt! Now!
- I'm sorry.
- Louder!
- Sorry!
You're lucky. Des! You're
lucky I wasn't watching.
- Where is the safe?
- It's over there but it's on a time lock
and if you try and open it.
you'll set off an alarm.
- Jimmy. this place was
supposed to be low key.
- Yeah. it's supposed to.
- That's what Brandy told me. too.
- What?
- He's the reason I'm here.
- You're here to rob this place?
You told this cunt club secrets?
- Shit! What are we gonna do. Ray?
- When does it open?
- 6:30.
- Well then. I guess we'll have
to fucking wait then. won't we?
- Well. that's a surprise.
- You're a bit of a smart cunt. aren't ya?
(gun thuds)
Get the fucking shirt!
Put it on.
You're gonna be our checkout bitch.
- Oh. what the fuck is going on in here?
Ray. you better get a look at this.
(feet scrape on floor)
(Aimey whimpers)
- You guys having some sort
of fucking party in here. are ya?
- Oh. looky what we have here.
(Jimmy sniffs)
You smell good.
- Hey. man. How about a
little respect for the ladies?
(hand slaps)
- You. too? Oh. tonight
just gets better and better!
(gun thuds)
(thugs chuckle)
- Has anyone else got something to say?
- Well. I think-
(hand slaps)
(body thuds)
(Jimmy laughs)
- How about now?
No. that's what I thought.
- This isn't fun anymore.
- Nope.
- I'm a fucking bandit bitch!
(gun thuds)
- Get off me!
(man chuckles)
- She doesn't want to play.
(lips smack)
- No!
- Come on. hon.
- Come on!
(gunshot)
(door slams)
- Oh my God!
- Oh ah!
- What have you gone and
done to yourself. numb nuts?
- You really are dumb as fuck. aren't ya?
- Help me! I need a doctor!
- How the fuck did you shoot yourself?
- Help me! Come on. you guys!
I really need a doctor!
- Hey. Jimmy. did you shoot this cunt?
- Na.
- And I didn't shoot ya.
- Help me! Please?
- Well? It isn't our
fucking problem. is it?
Put him in the back with the rest.
(Brandy groans in pain)
- What happened to him?
- [Jimmy] He shot himself.
What's it fucking look like?
- It's okay. I'm a nurse.
(Brandy yells)
Quick get me that paper towel.
We need something to stop the bleeding.
(Brandy whimpers)
- What the fuck are we gonna do now. Ray?
- It's not our fucking
problem. Leave him in there.
- I knew that little prick
was fucking trouble! Fuck!
(pounds door)
- Jim. calm the fuck down.
It's not our fucking problem. all right?
- And we're gonna stay in here.
There's blood all over
that fucking shirt. Ray.
- We have the guns. okay?
Anyone come through that door.
we'll put 'em in that fucking room.
Fucking won't we?
- Quick. we're running out of
time. Just go get him. now.
(pounds on door)
(door bangs)
- Please? We have to get him to hospital!
- Oh.
(boot thuds)
(Brandy whimpers)
- Well. you're a nurse. You fix him.
(Brandy yells)
(blood squirts)
(boots thuds)
(Brandy whimpers)
- We can't just sit here.
We have to do something.
- Yeah. well. I don't care about him.
I just don't want to get raped.
(Brandy groans)
- I'm sorry. Please help me.
- What about your guns?
Do you still have them?
- You mean this?
(gun clicks)
They're BB guns. We got them as kids.
- You used BB guns?
Well. they look real.
- Yeah. they look real but the one's
that those guys have are real.
Look.
- You're a Red Belly
now. aren't ya. Billy?
- Des. we have to do something.
He's losing blood fast!
- What am I supposed to do?
Fuck!
- Hey. Des.
(metal clangs)
(gun taps)
(fire alarm rings)
(rock music)
- Now!
(door thuds)
(gas hisses)
(glass shatters)
- You guys go. I'll cover you.
♪ We've sat down to life
with our heads in the sand ♪
♪ It's time to make a stand ♪
♪ To kick down the door ♪
♪ Take all the command ♪
(Brandy whimpers)
(sirens blare)
(gas hisses)
- Fuck!
Shit!
- Bobby. forget about it.
- [Bobby] No. I got this.
(gun thuds)
(intense music)
- [Des] Bobby!
(gunshot)
(Bobby grunts)
No! Bobby!
Hey. hey. hey. Bobby! No. Bobby!
Hey! No. Bobby!
(footsteps thud)
Hey. Bobby!
(gun clicks)
Hey. come on!
(gunshot)
(Jessie gasps)
(Ray chuckles)
(Ray coughs)
(gunshot)
Hey. Bobby! Wake up!
(hand taps face)
(Bobby coughs)
- Oh. man! Talk about a bad come down?
(Des and Jessie chuckle)
- Are you okay?
- I don't feel so good.
Now. get me out of here before
this guys bleeds all over me.
(Bobby laughs and coughs)
(sires blare)
(firetruck horn honks)
- Come on!
- Fuck!
- Motherfucking! Fucking!
Fuck you. ah. you fucking!
- Is he gonna be okay?
- He's very lucky.
- Hey. hey. where's my little buddy?
- I'm right here my friend!
- We've got to get him to the hospital.
- All right. I'll meet
you at the hospital.
- So. why were they running the store?
- We were lucky those
two young me were here.
Otherwise. I don't know
what we would have done.
- So. the bikers. they
were here the whole time?
- We would have been robbed
if it weren't for these two.
- Yeah. they saved us.
(upbeat rock music)
- Oh. here comes my boss.
I better go talk to him.
- Hey. Amiey. thanks.
(Amiey whimpers)
- Well. I think you owe
me a trip to Queensland.
- Is that right?
- A deal's a deal. isn't it?
- What could go wrong?
(Des giggles)
(Jessie giggles)
(lips smack)
- [Des] We still lost mum's home
but the bank didn't take it.
It was burned down in retribution
by the Red Belly Black Snakes.
What we didn't know is
that mum had it insured
so we got a huge payout!
Me and Bobby took that
family holiday after all.
(upbeat music)
And we got to spread mum's ashes
in Queensland just like she wanted.
(water splashes)
If you look up the definition of life
in a dictionary it says:
The condition that distinguishes organisms
from inorganic objects and
dead organisms being manifested
by a growth through metabolism.
reproduction. and the power of adaptation
to environment through changes
originating internally.
Sounds pretty complicated. right?
Funny thing is life is complicated.
It's full of choices and
so many different things.
Some are easy. Some are hard.
Things don't always work
out the way you maybe hoped
but that's what's funny.
That's life itself.
Death comes for us all one day
but death is only change and
change is a part of life.
So without death. there is no change
and without change there is no life.
It's just the way it has to be.
Your life is based on the
choices and decisions you make.
So try to always make good decisions
'cause you only get one life.
(laughing)
So whatever you do.
(water splashes)
(Jessie screams)
make it a good one.
(upbeat music)
(rock music)
♪ Give me all your money ♪
♪ I'll blow your fucking brains out ♪
- I'm not gonna kill you. all right?
But I might kill ya.
if you don't stop doing
whatever the fuck it is you're doing!
(gunshot)
(actors laugh)
What have you done? He's dead!
- We gotta go!
♪ Your life is rearagned ♪
- I hope that this-
- There's no way we'll open it now!
What about his poodle?
(crew laughs)
- [Director] Right there! Yeah!
(Georgia laughs)
(Jesse laughs)
- Motherfucker! Motherfucking fuck!
- Line.
- And what's my line after that?
- I fucked my lines up.
- This is getting kinky.
yeah! Now it's kink!
(rock music)
- Get out here now!
Get out here and pick the
fuck him up. What the fuck?
(crew laughs)
You want me to go that far?
- [Director] No. yeah.
Yeah. do it. all right?
- All right.
- [Man] That's it. Away shot one. take 5.
(clipboard snaps)
- [Jesse] Oh. shit man! The
ladies have put it on fire.
- [Director] Okay. okay. it's all right.
No. no. no. no.
- Sorry.
- Pedro just wasn't ready.
- [Director] It's all right.
- It's all right.
- It was looking good.
- [Jesse] But I though
there was (indistinct).
- [Director] No. no. no.
no. no. It's all right.
- Sorry!
- We got out of the way.
- [Jesse] Yeah. sorry. Sorry I put it out.
(rock music)
- What. no. It's not like that.
Like. not all the time anyway.
- [Director] Cut.
(Georgia giggles)
- [Woman] Scene 33A. pickup.
Shot two. take one. Jesse's ass.
(crew laugh)
- [Jesse] Oh. shit.
(indistinct conversation)
- No way! I heard there's
450 Gs in that safe!
- [Des] Oh. whatever idiot!
- Now you boys don't
want any trouble. do ya?
'Cause I'm gonna tell all. oh. fuck!
I'm fucking it up now. Sorry.
- Grab her keys and move the car!
- [Director] And reset.
- Sorry. sorry.
- You're all right.
- [Director] Her car and action.
- Grab her keys and move the car!
[Director Her Car.
Fuck!
- [Director] Hey. hey. hey!
You gonna get rid of all
those bottles there. please?
And there is one behind there.
- [Woman] Say it for the booty.
- Oh. that's booty.
- That ass. yeah.
- Shake that booty.
- Your large. your-
(glass shatters)
(motorcycles roars)
- What the fuck. idiot?
- [Woman] Scene 33A. Pickup.
Shot one. take one. Stewart.
(crew laughs)
- [Director] And action.
- Stop laughing. man!
- Not laughing!
(crew laughs)
(Jessie sighs)
(Georgia giggles)
- Let's go girl!
(crew laughs)
- [Director] There's two bottles on the-
- [Jesse] Oh. yeah. Right
over there. see them?
(rock music)
(glass shatters)
- As part of an undercover task force.
the police this morning
have raided three locations.
Two of. no. sorry. Joey. Yeah.
- Just wait for the car.
So. you gonna wait for a car. Brandy?
- As part of an undercover task force.
police have seized. fuck!
Sorry. Give me a second.
I know this. I do know this.
- Damn!
- Damn that.
- "Night Shift"!
- Scene 53. Scene 51.
(actress laughs)
Shot three. take one.
(clipboard clicks)
- Woo!
- Get out here and pick
the fuck him up! Now!
- [Director] Pick him fucking
up and take him in there now.
- [Anthony] Pick him the fuck up.
- Pick. no. what. is it?
Get him the fuck out.
Get the fuck out here.
- [Director] Get the fuck
out here. Get out here now!
- No. where's the fucking-
- The result of ongoing
state laws which permit.
Permit. what the fuck am I talking about?
Yeah. Just reset. keep going.
- Well. I know it sounds crazy
but the timer is on a fucking safe lock!
(Georgia giggles)
- The s.
- Motherfucker!
- [Director] All right. let's do it again.
- What the fuck is that?
The safe is on the time lock.
- [Director] Yeah. you're cut. so.
- Are you boys. you don't
want any trouble. do ya?
'Cause I'm gonna tell
all the boys in the club!
You don't want any t. oh my
God! I fucked it up. yeah.
(rock music)
- So. you wanna rob a servo. Brandy?
- [Director] It's a little fucking dark.
- Yeah. it's too dark.
- Fuck!
- And what's my line after that?
- [Woman] You're a Red Belly now. mate.
You better not (indistinct).
- You'll only be branded a bandit. dude.
- All right.
Think. dammit!
Fuck!
Dammit!
(crew laughs)
- [Jessie] We have to do
something! He's losing blood fast!
- What am I supposed to do?
Oh. think dammit!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I'm Des.
- Jessie.
- [Director] That's a wrap.
(crew applauds)
- Champions!
- Yay!
(metal clattering)